My name is Andre Van Schaik.
I'm the director of the International Centre
for Neuromorphic Systems at Western Sydney
University.
I've been in neuromorphic engineering almost
since the beginning since, the early 90s,
very early 90s.
So it's getting on to thirty five years now.
And let's begin by explaining what neuromorphic
computing is.
I mean, I know that it's a different architecture
that's meant to mimic the brain, I know that
the artificial neurons in a neuromorphic computer
fire on action potentials and spike in the
way that biological neurons do.
But can you sort of break down, before we
talk about DeepSouth, the computer that you
guys are building, how the basic differences
between Von Neumann architecture and neuromorphic
computing architecture, and specifically maybe
start with action potentials and spikes, as
opposed to weights and what happens in an
artificial neural network?
Yeah, so to get back to neuromorphic computing,
or actually neuromorphic engineering, to start
with that, we're taking inspiration from neural
systems in biology, and try and implement
that in technology.
That means we also need to understand neural
technology and biology to take that inspiration
from it.
And there are sort of two main branches to
neuromorphic engineering, one is neuromorphic,
sensing, taking inspiration of the senses
that we have and how biology senses information
around in the world.
And then neuromorphic computing is largely
around how do we then process that information
from such sensors like brains do in humans,
but also in dragon flies and mosquitoes.
Neural computation then uses neurons, neurons
in biology indeed send action potentials to
each other, they connect their axons onto
dendrites of other neurons, with synapses,
and the synapses typically have some strengths.
And those strengths can be modified through
learning rules.
So that is similar to weights in neural networks
but the spikes are the means of communication.
And they lead then to pulses on the postsynaptic
neuron over a certain weight, depending on
the weight of the synaps.
In this architecture of a brain, all neurons
operate in parallel, they don't operate on
a common clock.
So it's asynchronous communication.
It's pulse based communication.
And that the memory that these systems have,
is effectively in the synaptic strength, at
least that's what we currently understand
from how our brain works.
And that's quite different from a Von Neumann
machine, where memory is a separate thing
to compute, and you're forever shuffling things
back and forth from memory to the compute
block, and then write the result back to memory,
and then do the next operation in a sequential
fashion.
Yep.
And also on the clock in Von Neumann architecture
and with the artificial neural networks, there
is input information and there's calculation
at the neuron level.
And then the result or the output of that
neuron is passed on to another neuron according
to the clock when the transistor resets, right.
And there has been work on building spiking
neural networks.
I know IBM has this TrueNorth chip.
So can you talk about how a chip like TrueNorth
works differently than a CPU or GPU processor?
Yeah, so the chips like TrueNorth, and that
we've called this system DeepSouth, slightly
in reference to TrueNorth because we're down
under when we're very far south in the world.
TrueNorth was sort of the first large scale
neuromorphic system that was doing spiking
neurons.
This was part of a US DARPA funded project
called Synaps that IBM did.
That started a good decade ago now, that they
did that.
That has been followed up by a few that have
been doing that in most recent years it's
been Intel during their Loihi platform, which
is similar in goals.
It's a different design.
I don't know the actual ins and outs of TrueNorth
or Loihi, in terms of what actual architecture
they have on it.
But they are all aiming at emulating neurons
that communicate with action potentials, so
spiking neural networks, and implementing
those, and running those.
DeepSouth is a system like that too.
We're emulating how a brain works on the electrical
level by how it communicates with pulses and
how does communication with that.
Some of these systems that have been designed,
they have attempted to be fully asynchronous,
just like the brain is and not gonna do it
on a common clock.
And that is quite difficult actually, to get
to work properly.
So most of these systems, they will still
have a clock, DeepSouth, for example, it's
built out of FPGAs (Field Programmable Gate
Arrays) that's reconfigurable hardware that
operates on a clock.
And so our system is not asynchronous in that
sense.
And the point of the clock in a current chip
architecture is the calculation is done all
at the same time across the transistors, across
the chips, it's not right?
It is, and the other point of the clock for
us is that DeepSouth has almost 100 FPGA boards
in it.
And we can do up to almost 100 billion neurons
that we can simulate with that, in real time.
But that doesn't mean that every 100 billion
neuron has its separate implementation in
the hardware in order to get to these numbers.
We have to use the fact that silicon is much
faster than biology.
So we have one block compute, say 128 neurons,
one after the other in a sequential fashion.
And again, that clock is needed to schedule
that basically.
Yeah.
But the point of spiking, asynchronous spiking
neurons in the brain is that they only spike
when the action potential is reached, when
they have enough stimulus to send a signal.
And in a neural network, an artificial neural
network they all update at the same time,
according to the clock.
Am I misunderstanding that?
No, that is correct and that's a good point.
So we do make use of that sparsity of signals
that you see in biology where you only communicate
when you have a spike, so when a neuron has
passed a threshold.
Obviously, the neuron itself is still updating,
even if it hasn't spiked based on its inputs
until it reaches this threshold, though, other
neurons wouldn't know about that.
And that gets used in this system too.
So while the neuron internal updates are done
on the clock, only those neurons that spike
will actually communicate with the other neurons
in the network.
Right, and then an artificial neural network,
regardless of the input, the strength or relevance
of the input to an artificial neuron, it will
communicate onward.
It's just a matter of how strong a signal
is?
Yeah, in a artificial neural network like
current deep neural networks and convolutional
neural networks, all the values from all the
neurons are passed on to the next layer right,
and processed by the weights including zeros.
Yeah.
And is that why artificial neural networks
consume so much energy and why neuromorphic
computing consumes so little energy?
Yes, partly, at least it is not making use
of the sparsity.
So all the operations have to be done.
Another part that is expensive is this constant
shuffling of data from memory, to the compute
and then back to, to memory.
With the FPGAs, we can't totally avoid that,
either.
But we have, in our system, quite a lot of
local memory, high bandwidth memory integrated
with the FPGA nearby, which reduces some of
the energy costs of moving the data.
Because again, where, as I mentioned, where
one block will calculate multiple neurons,
one after the other in scheme, that's called
time multiplexing.
And in order to do that, you need to store
the internal state of each neuron back in
local memory when you're updating the next
one, and then writing that result back to
local memory as well.
So, we still have some of that.
We try and keep it as much local and distributed
across all the FPGAs.
And each of the FPGA blocks will have its
own memory.
Yeah, can you just give us a thumbnail on
what an FPGA is?
Sure.
So an FPGA is a Field-Programmable Gate Array,
it's a digital platform that can be programmed
a bit like a CPU.
But by programming it, you're actually setting
hardware switches, and basically changing
how one block on the hardware is routed to
the next block and how things are connected
to do a certain operation.
So you're really configuring the hardware.
And you can do that multiple times, which
is why this is also called reconfigurable
hardware.
And so once you've programmed it, you actually
have a hardware circuit that sits there that
does the calculation that you have programmed
whereas on a CPU, when you program it, the
hardware has stayed the same.
You've got your CPU that's doing the calculations.
And it is looking at what instructions it
now needs to do from instruction memory, computing
these instructions one after the other, but
with exactly the same hardware that hasn't
been changed no matter what program you're
sticking.
And in that reprogramming, is that dynamic,
depending on the sensory input that that the
FPGAs are receiving, or is that something
that's physically reprogrammed by a technician?
So that's something that's physically done.
So we try not to change the configuration
of the hardware for the various models that
DeepSouth might simulate.
So the user will specify an architecture of
their spiking neural network that they will
want to run on it.
It runs on the same hardware, we don't have
to reprogram the hardware for that.
We've configured it already to simulate the
neurons, and the synapses, and the connections
and those things are available.
And users would simply have a software description
of their network architecture that they want.
And that then gets sent to the memory of the
devices.
And that can run on that hardware without
having to reprogram the hardware.
Where the reconfigurability does come in is
if we want to add other features to it, new
Learning rules, different neuron models, things
like that.
We can still add those after we've built this
machine.
And that's a big difference going back to
say TrueNorth or Intel Loihi, those are chips
that are custom made and what's on them is
what's on them.
And you can’t add things to that without
doing a whole chip design and fabrication.
And that's expensive and slow.
If we look at Intel Loihi, to go from Loihi
1 to Loihi 2 that came out two years ago,
I think there was a six year cycle.
And so doing updates and adding a learning
rule to that, that's not quick.
Whereas for us with this hardware, we can
do that.
Yeah, that's that’s fascinating.
The network works among neurons can reconfigure
themselves dynamically, right?
I mean they're not fixed?
Yeah.
And we tend to simulate that by changing the
weights of connection.
So weights can go all the way to zero, which
effectively means the connection has disappeared,
and can grow.
And connections can start as well.
Typically, I've seen networks defined where
the connectivity is defined by the user.
It might be a probabilistic definition and
saying, from this group of neurons, that group
of neurons, there's a 20% probability of a
connection from one neuron to the other, or
something like that, rather than saying, oh,
yeah, this one goes exactly to this one, this
one goes exactly to this one.
But that does tend to be static in most simulations
at the moment.
And that is, because adding this flexibility
of reconfiguring all the connectivity, indeed
makes the simulations even harder.
It is something we can support on this machine,
though.
Where are you with DeepSouth?
Is it is it finished and in the testing phase,
are you still building.
We're building it and actually physically,
over the last few days, we've had the hardware
put in the racks.
And that's still ongoing, and it's being connected.
It should be connected up in the next few
weeks, all fully connected.
And then we can run some tests.
We're now looking to launch it in the beginning
of June.
Part of that delay is, I'm going to travel
for the next seven weeks and I want to be
there when we launched the machine.
Yeah.
And what will you launch it on?
What sort of computation are you going to
ask it to do?
Yeah, very sort of classical demonstration.
It is what is called Balanced Excitation-inhibition
Networks.
It's the sort of traditional setup in spiking
neural networks where it's based on what we
see in cortex, in the human brain, where we
have about 80% excitatory neurons, so neurons
that excite other neurons and 20% inhibitory
neurons, neurons that inhibit or reduce the
excitation of other neurons.
And those are connected in networks that keep
the excitation and inhibition balanced.
That's why they're called Balance Excitation-inhibition
Networks, and keep the activity level of the
brain within a reasonable amount.
If you just had excitatory neurons, then the
excitation could easily run away and you end
up with everything spiking all the time.
And obviously, if neurons were just inhibiting
each other, nothing would ever happen, so
it's that balance there.
That in itself is not a useful computation
but it is a easy demonstration for us to show
that everything works; that all the neurons
are computing as they should, that we're able
to achieve the balanced excitation and inhibition
with a very large population, that we can
run that in real, time that all the populations
can communicate to each other as needed and
so on.
So it's a good functionality test, but it's
not doing anything intelligent basically.
Yeah.
Given that this is based on the biological
structures of the brain and that artificial
neural networks that run on Von Neumann architecture
are mimicking the neural activity of the brain,
do you expect them to run neural network architectures
on the neuromorphic computer on DeepSouth?
We can support running artificial neural network
type architectures on the machine.
It is not the initial plan to do that but
we specifically want this to run spiking neural
networks.
The reason for this is that artificial neural
networks, the convolutional neural networks
that underpin current machine learning and
AI, they run very well on GPUs, Graphical
Processing Units, and we can do that now.
Pretty large networks, it still takes a fair
amount to train them, but then once they're
trained we can execute them in a reasonable
amount of time or pretty quickly.
And they run well on that.
And that was, effectively a revolution or
an evolution, because the GPU is was more
of an evolution and a revolution, I think.
That really helped machine learning and artificial
neural networks to get to the power that they
needed, and get to the size that they needed
to be able to do the things that they can
do now.
I'm sort of hoping that with DeepSouth, which
is aiming to be able to run spiking neural
networks efficiently and lives networks efficiently,
that we can do the same thing for spiking
neural networks.
Because spiking neural networks don't run
well on GPUs, or on CPUs.
They're very slow to simulate.
And that means that researchers that have
been trying to understand spiking neural networks
at scale, they've always had to simulate small
models, toy models, basically.
And that's a problem because like, if you
look at, say a neuron in the cortex, it can
have 10,000 inputs, one neuron, from other
neurons.
And if you’re only simulating a network
with 1000 neurons in it, because that's what
you can simulate on the computer, how do you
get 10,000 inputs?
And you can go, well, I'll just do 100 inputs
instead, and make each input 100 times stronger
so they get the same total input strength
but you can imagine that if you get spikes
that are 100 times stronger, one spike in
just means one spike out.
And the dynamics of the computation gets totally
different.
So you can't play that trick very well.
So we really hope that this will enable researchers
worldwide, ultimately, in first instance,
we have to get this up and running for us,
but it will be available for other people
to use, and they can create accounts on it,
and there'll be cloud service effectively.
And the other important point about DeepSouth
is that it's non custom hardware, it's commercial
hardware.
So you can just buy the components and build
one yourself and use the configuration that
we've designed for the FPGAs, configure it
the same, and you have a copy of the machine.
And again, that's not so easy, when you use
custom made chips.
Often, there's only a limited volume of those
chips around and only one machine is built.
And that's what people have, maybe get remote
access to.
Here FPGAs is a commercial business, you know,
these companies, they make them, they improve
them, they sell millions of them, they will
continue to do that, people can buy this stuff.
Yeah.
Do you need new algorithms to run on this
machine?
On spiking neural networks?
Or are they transferable?
You know, the transformer algorithm, for example,
it's done so much in generative AI.
Will you be able to run that algorithm on
a neuromorphic computer, on DeepSouth?
So there are spiking versions of, say, a transformer
architecture that have been created.
So they can be trained, and they can be made,
and we could run them.
The thing is taking a transformer from an
artificial neural network and making it spiking
tends to work almost as good as the non spiking
version.
But there's not much point in making this
the spiking version other than to say, see,
I've made it spike.
Our brain doesn't exactly do to transformer
implementations, I believe.
I believe there are indeed other architectures
that are going to really unlock the advantages
of spiking neural networks.
And those are the ones that are yet to be
discovered.
And I think we need to discover them by trying
things at scale with the spiking Neural Networks,
just like the transformer architecture for
artificial neural networks was only discovered
once we could make really large, artificial
neural networks.
Back in the 80s and 90s, when we were doing
three layer artificial neural networks, there
was no transformer architecture to be found,
because it just wasn't possible to make them.
Yeah, although the power consumption of the
big transformer models is so enormous.
They would be a lot cheaper to run in spiking
neural network on a neuromorphic computer
when they?
That's the hope, yeah, so this system that
we're building, it's not extremely low power.
It's about 40 kilowatts, maximum power, the
system, which is about the building air conditioning
of a medium sized building or something like
that.
It's not a power that you see for data centers
where it's megawatts.
It's not portable power either, it's somewhere
in between.
But that can be improved once we know what
we want to do with it; then if you really
want to go to low power, then you will have
to go and build some custom chips to really
get to the low power.
But my view on that is we still don't quite
know what architectures we need, what type
of features we need from the neurons, what
type of learning rules we're going to need
exactly.
So let's explore that on this machine that
is flexible first and once we've figured that
out, then we can start making some chips that
make it really low power.
And who were you talking to in the research
community?
You know, I started this podcast after meeting
Geoff Hinton, and he's been on a few times.
And he talked about spiking neural networks
and his ambition is not so much to create
AGI, but to understand how the brain works.
The last time I spoke to him, he was working
on forward networks.
Is that what he called them?
He was looking for an algorithm that could
work in the brain because he didn't believe
that backpropagation could work in the brain.
Are you talking to people like Jeff that could
use this computer to explore some of their
ideas?
Not yet, at least not yet broadly.
We have, as part of the application for funding
that we did to get this system built, we have
a team of about, at the top of my head 13
researchers largely in Australia, because
this is Australian funding, but not not exclusively.
So one of the people we have as part of the
team is Emerson Neftci.
He’s in Aachen, in Jülich, where there's
a big supercomputer center.
And he is one of the researchers that started
Surrogate Gradient approach that is used to
do the back propagation with spiking neural
networks.
Because the issue is spiking neural networks
and error back propagation is, an artificial
neural network should past the arrow back
through the gradients of the activation function.
But in the spiking neural network, it's a
discontinuous activation function because
it either spikes or not.
So you don't have a gradient that you can
pass things through.
So you have to come up with surrogate gradients
in order to do that.
And so that's one of the approaches.
But I would agree with Jeff, that I don't
think the brain is doing backpropagation that
way and there’s other architectures and
learning mechanisms with local learning that
need to be used in order to train such networks.
Yeah, can you talk a little bit about the
number of connections in DeepSouth?
We've speced this system to effectively have
the same number of neurons as a human brain,
with the same number of average inputs per
neuron as the human brain, running that at
the same number of spikes processed per second
as the human brain.
The number of synaptic operations per second,
so that's a spike arriving at a synaps activating
the neuron; the postsynaptic neuron, is in
the order of 220 trillion per second.
And that is what this machine can do.
Obviously, they're very simplified neural
models, they don't have the full 3D structure
that biological neurons have.
They’re digital neurons, because we still
store the states in memory.
The precision of that is limited to eight
bits only because we can't have the precision
too high or we would need to store too much
in memory, for instance.
So, it's a simplified human brain-scale spiking
neural network simulator but it is the first
time we achieved this, I think in the world.
Yeah, that's really remarkable.
And what did you say?
40 kilowatts?
Is that what you said?
Yeah, 40 kilowatts power usage.
As opposed to what, 20 watts in the brain?
As opposed to 20 watts in the brain, yeah.
But compared to, I don't know, what GPT four
is…
ANDRE 36:45
Yeah, I don’t know either but you hear the
stories, it's the power consumption of New
York City for a certain extended time just
to train a network like that.
CRAIG 36:57
Yeah, and is this an open source architecture?
You were saying that people can then build
these wherever they want, at a reasonable
cost?
ANDRE 37:14
Yes, that's the plan.
So obviously, this year, we will launch it,
then we will develop stuff for it internally
in the lab and make sure everything works
and for the remainder of this year.
Then it will be opened up to the researchers
that are part of the team and we're working
with, directly but that are remote at all
the universities around the world.
And then we'll grow that community and open
it up to other people and at that point in
time too, our design will be made open source
available so that people can copy the machine.
And they don't have to do it.
So for us, it's three data center racks, it's
twenty four server computers with four FPGA
boards in them.
And that's an expensive machine, but you could
scale it down to just use one FPGA and obviously
much smaller neural networks, or two, or eight;
or if somebody is interested and has a lot
of money to burn on this, they can make a
superhuman brain basically with it, or at
least superhuman brain scale, I should say,
because I don't know whether it's a full brain
yet.
CRAIG 38:30
Yeah, at current prices for FPGA boards, what
would it cost for somebody to build?
I mean, obviously they're benefiting from
all your time and effort, but to replicate
this, what's the ballpark for building one
of these machines now, once it's open source?
ANDRE 38:51
Probably around 2 million US in terms of hardware?
Yeah.
So it's not cheap but its not way out there
either.
CRAIG 39:05
Yeah, I mean, it's within reach of a lot of
companies.
And the algorithmic, the software research,
how far along is that?
How far does it need to go for your computer
to be useful or doing some amazing things?
ANDRE 39:35
Yeah, I would like to say, “Oh, we're ready
to go there.”
but actually, I think we have a long way to
go there.
My first goal with this machine is to better
understand how the brain does computation
with its electrical pulses.
We know some of the principles but we haven't
been able to study this at any large scale
yet simply because we haven't been able to
simulate it.
And you can look at real brains but there
you can't observe everything you might want
to observe; plus, you don't have full control
over what is going on either.
So there's a lot to be discovered still around
what works and what doesn't work.
And once we have that, then we can start applying
that to tasks, basically make AI.
That's how I think of machine learning, right,
you're learning to do tasks.
And once we know some of the principles, then
we can start working on doing tasks with the
machine.
But we first have to still discover the principles
that work really well.
And that's going to be a big research effort.
CRAIG 40:51
And this is mimicking.
When you say brain scale, it's the neocortex,
or does it you know, include the thalamus
and the hippocampus and all the other structures
in a human brain?
ANDRE 41:10
So the numbers I used before and used to spec
this system for it includes all the neurons
in the brain, including cerebellum, which
is actually has more neurons in it than the
cortex, for instance.
Now, what the user ends up doing with these
neurons depends on what model they define.
So the model can be defined to specifically
have thalamus, or superior colliculus, or
cochlear nucleus if you want to do audio processing,
or all those parts in it as well, or cerebellum
say you want to do some motor processing.
Because it is a cloud system effectively still,
in server racks, it's not ideally suited to
do robotic motor processing and control loops,
because the latency would become an issue.
Is your background in neuroscience?
What was your educational background preceding
this project?
ANDRE 42:36
So my background was in integrated circuit
design, my education and first job.
But in neuromorphic engineering, almost from
the beginning.
My final year, undergraduate thesis was around
making electronic micro electronic circuits
for artificial neural networks.
And that was in 1990.
And so it's always been integrated circuit
design, forward neural inspired hardware.
And so the education in neuroscience has been
effectively self educated over the years and,
you know, attending a lot of talks, and conferences,
and things like that on it.
And then this system, there's not really integrated
circuit design that we're doing for it.
As I said, we would only want to do that once
we know what needs to be on there.
And instead, we're using this digital hardware
that is available.
That is not my personal area of expertise
but we have people in the group like Mark
Wang, who is an expert in how to write the
code to configure these systems.
CRAIG 44:07
Now, do you talk to people like Jeff Lichtman
at Harvard who's mapping the brain?
I saw an earlier interview with you in which
you were showing a brainbow image that I think
came from his lab.
ANDRE 44:30
So we're not in direct contact with that lab.
We do talk to various people from neuroscience
over time.
We have in the neuromorphic engineering community,
we have two main workshops every year annually,
ones in Telluride, Colorado, a terrible place
to be- Not!
It's very, a very beautiful town.
And then the other is in Cappadocia, which
is in Sardinia, in Italy, on the beach, also
a very nice place to be.
And those two workshops, they're multi week.
So Telluride is three weeks, and Cappadocia
a two week one.
And there we combine talks from people with
an engineering background and have talks from
people with a neuroscience background.
And that's been going on now for a long time.
I think Telluride workshop started in 1994
and it's still going, so it's been running
for a long time.
Cappadocia has now been running for maybe
15 years or so as well.
And so that's where we get annual interactions
with various between the various teams basically,
in the various groups.
CRAIG 45:58
Yeah, and the ambition beyond understanding
how the brain works by building this, presumably
is to be able to solve problems that we're
not able to solve today, with, with the more
powerful computers.
Is that right or are you really more focused
on just understanding brain structures and
brain activity?
ANDRE 46:30
The latter, I would say, first instance, I'm
interested in understanding the brain, I believe
that if we do that, we will also find better
ways to do artificial intelligence or machine
learning tasks.
But that's the secondary goal that would come
after we make progress in better understanding
the brain.
CRAIG 46:55
Yeah, and what sort of timeline in understanding
the brain are you looking out?
I mean, you're still a young guy?
Are you hoping that within the next 10 or
20 years, we will have figured out how the
brain operates at a much deeper level than
we understand today?
ANDRE 47:20
I'm definitely hoping that when.
Whether we achieve that also depends on unknown
progress in research and in studying the brain,
right.
It's like we’re making this machine available
and it gives us possibilities to do these
simulations and study that.
How quickly will that pay off?
It's very difficult to predict.
The other thing that's difficult to predict
is, how popular will this be?
How many researchers will end up using this
or a machine like this that might be a machine
inspired by hours built by somebody else somewhere
else, but also with hardware that people can
buy and replicate, and so on.
I find that very difficult to see how that
will go.
I would hope it'll be very popular and lots
of people want to use it, and copy it, and
make their own versions, and make improvements
on that.
And that really locks up potential to do these
studies.
That should then, hopefully lead to much quicker
advances in understanding how brains compute
with spikes.
CRAIG 48:40
Yeah, is there much interest from the artificial
intelligence research community?
ANDRE 48:48
Not yet, but we haven't really pitched it
to them yet either.
I've only announced it at a conference that
we organized here in Australia last December,
the Neural Engineering conference.
I've since done a podcast here and there and
some news articles on this.
Once we've built it and we've launched it,
then we will get it all working nicely, and
we can talk about it more, because then I'm
more comfortable that it's all working as
it should as well.
And then once we're ready, then we will start
talking more widely about it and trying to
attract users effectively for this type of
machine.
CRAIG 49:40
Yeah.
Well, it's fascinating.
As you can tell, I'm coming from a position
of ignorance.
Are there things that I haven't asked about
that listeners would want to know?
ANDRE 49:57
I think we've covered the main points about
what we're trying to do here quite well.
That is, trying to understand the electrical
computation in the brain, having hardware
that makes it possible to do this at scale
for researchers worldwide, using hardware
that is commercially available so people can
make copies, and using hardware that is flexible
so that we can add other features to it as
we discover that we need them.
CRAIG 50:33
Yeah, I mean, it would be remarkable even
if it's not your ambition, if you can replicate
the success of GPUs and transformer algorithms,
for example, because the whole GPU bottleneck
is severe.
ANDRE 50:57
Yeah, and that would indeed be fantastic if
we could
do that.